docs: add label/postings offset tables (#593)
prometheus/tsdb: docs/format/index.md

└────┴───┴───┴──────────────┴──────────────┴──────────────┴──────────────┴───────┘
```

> The sequence of label index sections is finalized by an [offset table](#label-offset-entry) pointing to the beginning of each label index section for a given set of label names.

Reviewer: same as my comment for postings.

└─────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

> The sequence of postings sections is finalized by an [offset table](#posting-offset-entry) pointing to the beginning of each postings section for a given set of label names.

Reviewer: This is quite confusing to me. The section is finalized by an Offset table itself NOT the posting / label one. So the full sentence should look like:
```suggestion
The sequence of postings sections is finalized by an [offset table](#offset-table) containing [posting offset entries](#posting-offset-entry) that points to the beginning of each postings section for a given set of label names.
```
and same for labels, right?

Reviewer 2: yep that will do as well.

### Offset Table

> 

Reviewer: line below: Let's add that entries of this offset tables can be different depending on series/posting (introduce to further sections `### Posting Offset Entry` and `### Label Offset Entry`

└────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

> <a name="label-offset-entry"></a>Every label entry holds the label name and the offset to its values in the label index section.

Reviewer: essentially `header` for markdown creates link.

> <a name="label-offset-entry"></a>Every label entry holds the label name and the offset to its values in the label index section.

Reviewer 2: yeah I thought the same , but it makes it bold and a bit hard on the eyes.
I don't mind either way.
